hey guys it's will from jolly old tech
today's video is all about iOS 8
everything that is literally just come
out as i'm recording this because
they've literally just finished doing
the review to DC for today so anyway
let's do this
so this is possibly the biggest update
always in a while there is a lot of
stuff so let's just get straight into it
enjoy the images and if you do like this
video be sure to give it a like so let's
start off with Siri with Siri now you
can buy apps despite saying like Siri
back Angry Birds or anything like that
basically a lot more commands available
to do a lot more things and just like
with Google now you can now say it's
eerie that'll wake opening an ask a
question without pressing any buttons so
is now understanding 22 languages but
not the Scottish accent so there's a
thing Apple were throwing around a word
called extension which basically means
apps can provide services to other apps
which can grill expand the functionality
and stuff like that so you can say
basically a open Spotify select system /
down for example if you're in that kind
of mood and you can listen to the
toxicity or whatever you want which is a
really cool sort of thing you can do on
to the App Store you can now buy bundles
of apps so life is there cooking or
anything like that basically to get a
bundle price instead of our individual
like pennies pennies pens pens and all
those kind of things you can kind of
narrow it down into one bundle which is
really quite cool you can our preview
apps with videos kinda like the player
star but still it's only feature which
makes iOS 8 a little bit more fun the
app store itself now has 1.2 million
apps and has had over 75 billion
downloads to date some cool new stuff to
the notification bar as well app
developers nap can now add widgets to
the Notification Center not the home
screen but still the Notification Center
so for sale ebay for ebay bid sniping
you can do it right from in southern
afghanistan I'm gonna win this doctor
who scare for whatever the heck you
gather band is did I definitely don't
buy book whose curse of course iOS is
also getting a new keyboard cold quick
tag very similar to worse things I'm
Android are black break like a swiftkey
and whatnot this one's called quick type
as I say and it basically brings
predictive text but Apple have also done
a very interesting move and allowed you
to install third-party keyboards
obviously this is when iOS 8 comes out
at the same time basically if you're not
happy with that particular keyboard you
can get other ones so honestly with all
these interchanges that I wouldn't
necessarily see the point in changing
unless
was like a really really good keyboard I
could obviously they're bringing in
predictive text and all these are the
good things that you kind of wanted from
iPhones keyboard I don't massively see
the main reason to change but I think
there could be something out there that
i'm not thinking up with iOS 8
compatibility kinder surprise move it's
actually running back all the way to the
iphone 4s ipad 2 and basically
everything newer than that so obviously
it rolls back quite nicely as you can
see as well as improved search and
editing capabilities for iphoto app so
you can change the lighting and all
those kind of things all from inside the
app and follow your mums and dads out
there there's a really cool thing now
where you can have better parental
control over app purchases just say a
little jimmy wants to go and buy all the
things on Angry Birds he has to send her
a crisp up to you once you've set it up
and you can also share apps within
families now so say somebody buys a
video anything like that semen enough
Everybody wouldn't the family can share
this summer cool changes to I messages
have a Mick generally actually working
now obviously once at West Egg comes out
it also lets you send voice and video
messages directly through the app some
cool new changes to obviously the
iphones if you have a happen to have the
fingerprint recognition software also no
touch ID you can basically use it on
third-party apps now they're going to
introduce it so say like you leave your
phone unlocked but something wants to
try and hop into your facebook they
can't do it without your fingerprint
those kind of things I guess that's
obviously the general idea that they're
going for but it could be obviously set
banking software those kind of things
it's a little more protection for your
firm because always a good thing I cloud
is going to be getting cheaper that look
to be lowering the price or around one
pound a month or one dollar six llega
sub will prolly round up to two dollars
but the 20 gigabytes and that's
obviously per month are you be paying
that Apple are also introducing our app
called health for iOS 8 a desolate aims
to knit features into one player so it's
kind of like the night plus kind of
thing where it's all putting towards
it's got some really cool looking
features and novice latest sooo good
idea plus it might be a step towards an
iWatch maybe this got all that extra
health stuff who knows i obviously is
this a lot of speculation i'm super site
for all of this and towards the end of
today they also announced apples whipped
it's basically a new programming
language which focuses on speed and ease
of use so it's like an easier way to
make programs of our apps for iOS 8 and
basically from what everything's been
announced is going to be
be available in the fall alongside some
new devices perhaps I don't know but
they're saying in the fall and obviously
normally when they bring out a new iOS
and it's coming out in the fall sale
August oh never that most likely means
new devices though we're talking iphone
6 possibly the big stupid iphone 6 and
all the rest of it normally I wouldn't
even think that didn't make as different
size that iphone but after the iphone 5c
debacle don't know what the can the two
dicks been you with is Apple obviously
I've done a lot of big improvements have
really kind of impressed me to be honest
with you because this is a lot of big
changes for one up dear but good god i
really hope obviously all this comes
through and it's gonna make this one
very very impressive of all of this
comes through and obviously all comes
into fruition but anyway guys I want to
know what you guys think so comment in
the comment section down below let me
know what do you think are you an iPhone
guy you an android guy oh here but hey
I'm legitly interested I own a nexus 4
right now I'm thinking I'm fun like it's
cool it's equipped with all these
awesome changes but obviously Google
I've got there a conference coming up
very very soon so who knows they might
bring out something even cooler it's
literally nowhere to tell was a very
exciting time for the tech year but hey
guys I will see you later I've been will
from jolly old tech and yes goodbye